In this module,
we only scratched the surface of the features Spring
Security provides for authorization.
Spring also supports even finer-grain authorization at the entity level where
you can define access control to instances of your portfolio,
like if you want to allow users to grant access to their
portfolios to other users and friends.
One important point.
All communication in this demo is currently unsecured over HTTP,
which means that anyone listening to network traffic can see
the bearer tokens and simply use them.
In a production system,
you need to use TLS for all communication containing tokens and user data.
Spring makes configuring this a breeze.
In this module's demo pack, I will include a final version secured with HTTPS.
If you're interested in learning more,
check out the course Spring Security:
Authentication/Authorization - Building Effective Layers of Defense,
which covers how to configure HTTPS.
Also, there is a module, which goes over more advanced authorization features in more detail.